
“Recognized by the Heavens and cherished by her people, the Celestial Empress of the Cadia Riverlands ascends to bring peace to the mortal realm.”

Zetian is the Empress of Shendu, Divine Capital of the Cadia Riverlands, as well as the "Tomb Keeper" who erected the unmarked monument in memory of the Ancient Ones. Millennia ago, she used the last of her phoenix spirit's power to create Shendu, a sanctuary for the mortals of the Cadia Riverlands. Exhausted by this feat, she fell into a deep slumber. A thousand years passed before she was reincarnated at the Lake of Reflection, and returned to the Divine Capital as a mortal to once again ascend to divinity. Over millennia of introspection, her resolve remained unshaken; the phoenix found its eternal roost in the Divine Capital. Now, she ascends the throne as Empress once more to usher in an era of unprecedented peace and prosperity for a realm in bloom.

By Heaven's Decree
Spring has graced the Divine Capital, painting it with a riot of blossoms.
At the foot of the Phoenix Terrace, a sea of people has gathered, bringing countless eager eyes upon its summit. Atop the terrace, the empress, resplendent in her phoenix robe, ascended the steps with regal grace.
Though it was not a long path, Zetian has tread it for countless seasons.

Ancient chronicles recount that untold millennia ago, the Ancient Ones sacrificed themselves to stop the descent of the Twin Gods. The original Oriental Fighters of the Cadia Riverlands chose the same path, passing down their power to protect the lands and rivers. Among the remnants of the Ancient Ones was a woman who made a wager with the White Dragon. She bet that even without the gift of divine cultivation, the mortals of the Cadia Riverlands could thrive in peace for a thousand years under her ward. This woman, drawing upon the Ancient Ones' art of manipulating Yin and Yang, harnessed the phoenix spirit of her lineage to establish a mortal city—Shendu. She became its first sovereign.
Soon after, the War of the Twin Dragons erupted in the Cadia Riverlands. The woman vanished amidst the chaos, but left behind her phoenix spirit, which has protected the Divine Capital to this day. Millennia passed, and while various noble families and ministers ruled the capital in succession, none could inherit the power left by its founder. Legend whispered that whoever obtained the phoenix spirit would inherit its imperial legacy.
Zetian had this telling of history etched in her heart since childhood.
Over two decades ago, she was but a wandering orphan with no memory of where she came from. Her earliest memory was encountering a man surnamed Wu by the Lake of Reflection, who then took her under his wing.
Wu, a humble merchant, traversed the Cadia Riverlands with Zetian, teaching her to read and write, and instilling in her compassion for all things under the heavens. Blessed with a keen intellect, she witnessed the suffering of the people and realized that the power of the phoenix spirit protecting Shendu was nearly exhausted. She thought about the legend of the Divine Capital's creation, but regarded it more as a fable than fact.
If destiny does not favor you, forge your own path through sheer will and effort.
Indeed, this maxim proved true. As Zetian opened the doors to officialdom with brilliantly composed political treatises, maintaining an outwardly gregarious yet inwardly aloof demeanor, she gradually approached the epicenter of power. She even led armies to quell rebellions, and not only garnered fame but also built a formidable list of achievements. Gradually, the people stopped speaking of the past, for Zetian, shining like dawn's first light, was all they could see.

But until just a few days ago, Zetian was still unaware that the path she had taken was both her legacy and Heaven's decree. At that time, Zetian was passing the Lake of Reflection beneath Dragon's Ridge, the place where her memories began. The lake was as clear as day, and when she looked down, what she saw was her life reflected in the water.
All her life, she was surrounded by a swirl of gossip. Some say she was cruel and violent, some say she was righteous and duty-bound, some say she was insidious and malicious, and some say she was sympathetic to the people... Her name carried both merits and demerits. Along the way, she looked into her own heart. She had never wavered from her childhood ambitions, but even she could not understand why a little girl would set her life's aspiration to be as towering as establishing an empire.
While deep in thought, a gust of wind stirred the water's surface, and suddenly, the reflection in the lake pulled Zetian into the water. This was no reflection!

"Here I erect this monument, to carry on the will of the Ancient Ones, to ensure peace for all generations to come..."
In her daze, she heard a woman's voice.
"The Twin Gods will reignite the flames of war, and only one with selfless resolve can bring deliverance to the mortal realm."
"Though these mortals cannot ascend to divinity, they possess a different kind of power, rivaling the gods... Yet this power is elusive, requiring the Divine Capital to safeguard it."—It was her own voice.
As her forgotten past life was recounted by her former self, Zetian finally understood. In a lost chapter of history, the woman who founded the Divine Capital had overexerted her power to protect the Cadia Riverlands and fell into a deep slumber at the bottom of the Lake of Reflection. Millennia passed until the fateful battle between Baxia the Mystic Tortoise and the Black Dragon's reincarnation awakened her... in the form of a young girl.
Though she lost her memories after the long slumber, her former edict had been etched into her very being. Throughout the two decades of arduous efforts, toiling day and night, and bearing countless slander and accusations, she never once contemplated surrender.
The unmarked monument had become the Lake of Reflection, its waters capable of revealing a person's true self. The ripples on the lake's surface, like echoes of unspoken words, left no trace of the wind or the passage of time that made them.

If one has lived with sincerity, there's no need to leave their name in history.
Atop the Phoenix Terrace, the Empress, resplendent in her phoenix robe, ascended the steps.
The proclamation begins, each word resonating with power:
"By Heaven's Decree—
In times forgotten, the Ancient Ones crafted a wondrous realm of Yin and Yang within a celestial vessel. To protect the Cadia Riverlands, the Four Immortals initiated the Great Awakening before entering a deep slumber. Divine rulers since have inherited and perpetuated this legacy, with the mortal realm persisting in but a fleeting moment of eternity. Now, I inherit the wisdom of the Ancients, and the virtues of those who came before. I accept the Will of the Heavens and its mandate. I shall answer to Heaven and Earth, bring solace to the common people, uphold the foundations of the state, and safeguard the Divine Capital."
As the decree concludes, Zetian gazes upon the masses from the summit. Her incarnation from millennia ago had long since exhausted her divine power; in truth, she had no power to dictate this succession. The true succession lies here, in the hearts of the people.
The power that once dissipated to protect the mortal world now flowed anew at her fingertips, drawn by the collective will of the people—the phoenix spirit of her lineage, once lost, now revived by the devotion of her subjects. With a mere thought, peonies bloomed at her brow, and a majestic phoenix spiraled upward from her fingertips. All in witness bowed in reverence to the phoenix as it surveyed the thriving Divine Capital.
The Will of the Heavens and the people's hearts became one. With her great work accomplished, the Phoenix awaits to be crowned. The era of gods has passed; it is her time to rise like the dawn.
By Heaven's decree, Empress Zetian ascends her throne.

